everyone that's shavon here my hair I
did today is just something that I
usually do and I'm trying to give my
wavy hair a little bit more definition I
kind of used this a hair idea when I'm
trying to prep my hair for something
else but it was raining yesterday and I
wore this to class and I actually got a
few compliments on it and one of my
classmates even said that she thought it
looked like a sculpture so I'm going to
call this the abstract art braid so as
you can see my hair is still wet it's
probably somewhere between fifty to
sixty percent dry
I used a diffuser so that I could get my
roots pretty much dry but the rest of my
hair is still damp and I'm just going to
brush it all out that way I don't have
any tangles for this project I like to
use the larger pins you can use whatever
you want you can also use some sort of
hair pomade or hair cream to give your
hair a little extra definition but I
find that when my hair is damp that
works pretty well to hold everything in
place so I'm gonna start like any kind
of French braid by taking a section here
at the top of med and I'm gonna twist it
all together and I'm twisting towards my
right but it really doesn't matter which
direction you twist your hair like with
any French or Dutch braid I'm just gonna
pick up a section beside my twist you're
gonna try and smooth it
I usually don't mind if there's any like
creases or bumps in this because like I
said I use this to prep my hair but I
guess if you wanted to wear it out you'd
probably try to make it a little bit
more neat right anyway I'm kind of
bringing the twist to the side to this
side towards the side where I've now
picked up the section and I'm going to
wrap it kind of around just like that
I'm going to carry that twist over to
this side and pick up a piece here I'm
going to wrap the hair around that twist
to kind of twisting it all in the same
direction I'm gonna carry it back to the
other side of my head and it's gonna
flop in whatever direction it wants to
you can either hold it down or pin it as
you go along
I tend to put the pins in
at the end but however you want to
you can see that this is essentially the
same pattern all the way down you're
just kind of picking a pair from either
side of the head and adding it into the
twist when all the hair is added in use
the last twist to form a small bun and
tuck the ends underneath as neatly as
you can once I'm finished I like to
reinforce the whole thing with another
two or three pins and then I'm usually
good to go we can and just in case you
were curious this is what my hair looked
like about two hours after taking it
down I think you can see what I mean
when I say sometimes uses this method to
prep my hair for something else anyway I
hope you liked this quick little braid
idea and I'll see you next time bye